<div align="center">
  <h2>ðŸ«¶ Support</h2>
  <p>Where to get help in case things don't work</p>
</div>

Welcome to Catppuccin! We have many ports across the organisation contributed
and maintained by people all over the world. However, issues and bug reports are
never-ending due to how many we have!

Ultimately, Catppuccin relies on open source contributions from the community to
keep ports healthy and up-to-date. You may find that certain repositories
contain outdated documentation, long-standing issues or stale pull requests. It
is **always appreciated** if you are able to help debug an issue, provide extra
context, contribute to another pull request, etc.

If you are encountering an issue with a port, follow the guidance listed below:

### 1. Read the README

**Make sure you have read and followed the `README`**. Every port will have this
file, explaining how to install the theme or modify the application to install
Catppuccin. It is shown by default when you visit a GitHub repository.

### 2. Raise a GitHub Issue

**Raise a GitHub issue on the relevant port's repository**. If you have followed the
`README` and are still having trouble applying Catppuccin, raise a GitHub issue
clearly explaining what you have tried and what you expect to happen.

Do not raise GitHub issues in
[catppuccin/catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin) for bugs you
find in our ports. For example, if you have an issue with the Catppuccin
JetBrains theme, a GitHub issue should be raised on
[catppuccin/jetbrains](https://github.com/catppuccin/jetbrains).

We also highly recommend that you provide extra details like your operating
system, what version of the theme you installed, the configuration you applied,
~~was Mercury in retrograde when the issue occured?~~, etc. Of course, these are
not relevant to all ports but also understand some ports will require this
information in order for an issue to be raised.

### 3. Join the [Discord](https://discord.com/servers/catppuccin-907385605422448742)

**Join our Discord server!** If you feel like your issue has gone stale or you
don't feel comfortable raising a GitHub Issue, feel free to join our discord
server! The Catppuccin community is active on Discord and you can post your
questions in our dedicated `#support` channel.
